hey guys thank you so much for joining
I'm ketchup hell we are so excited today
I just got it from fedex the brand-new
Naboo ex from razor we're going to open
it up give you our first impression kind
of tell you what we think as we open the
box itself we have the packaging but hey
this is what we sent you this that's fun
and then here it is you guys ready the
Naboo ex just released from cex like two
weeks ago it's not even the public yet
the insiders had a chance to get one in
I took advantage of that so I can bring
it to you guys so let's open it up we
got the band itself but first let's kind
of take a look at the little goodies
that razor likes to give us so on the
inside reopen this right here of course
you have your razor sticker gotta have
your razor sticker you're not elite if
you don't have a raise your sticker all
right and then of course we have the
owner's manual itself which kind of goes
through all the different ins and outs
and then here what do we have here a
little picture of the Naboo X put all
lit up in the back little hey live
smarter you know little inspirational
stuff and then don't think that opens up
it does not and then you know really
good packaging from razor we love the
way that packaged stuff over here we
love raise your projects for that reason
it's one of the reasons they put a lot
of care into the way they want to take
care of the customers and show off their
product here's the actual band itself so
let's take a look at this if you open it
up I'm really nice nice it's a it's very
rubberized feel but it's a very solid
rubber feel to it we have a nice mount
it's very sleek this if a word I was
going to give for this product for a
band it would be sleek if you can see
take this out right here this is the
actual unit itself comes out as lights
goes right through so you can see and
then you have the charging and then we
also have the charging cable if you see
here the last thing in the box was the
actual charging cable razor likes to put
green on their tips kind of make it
stand out apart know that somebody's a
product so what we're going to do is I
have my galaxy s phone I'm going to go
ahead install the applications kind of a
do a little run down and then
later today or tomorrow I'll go ahead
and give you a review how the apps work
with X I don't know the original Beauty
compare it with but we're going to kind
of see what we're dealing with here for
1999 I paid for his insider it's going
to be great deal we're going to let you
know if it's going to be worth to 4999
when it comes to retail guys thank you
so much for joining I'm cage FL make
sure you guys press that subscribe
button on the bottom like this video if
you liked it thank you so much I'll see
you later